hey guys ok so I have arrived at IMATS
and we are walking out we just parked
the car so we are walking down to the
convention center really excited I'm
here with my friend Minaj say hi Minaj
so this is where my best friends and
we're really really excited to go so
we're just walking down Pasadena and I
don't want to get run over so let's go
that way so we're walking I'm very
excited Mona are you excited yes I'm
totally excited you get into one of
those places so yeah this is like her
first official makeup experience I guess
we get to learn how to do makeup alright
so we are going to the pasadena
convention center for IMATS so excited
ok we're going towards einat's and
there's a good graduation going on here
to Saul's like double as packed as and
crazy but anyways we're walking towards
the place ok we're standing in line now
we are here that's what
looks like up there and look that's on
phone that's right there hold only
zumanity creeper
that was really creeper side of the bags
are keep the chef
how cute is that so are you excited not
yeah difference idea so the line is like
all like
long
oh ok
time sunday
ok
hey guys okay so now we are walking to
cheesecake factory we just came out of I
match we went and put our bags back in
the car I got a ton of stuff i will
definitely be doing a hole for you guys
I must have to not God's dog too we're
walking the cheesecake factory right now
I mass was so much fun it was really
crowded though and one girl actually
recognized me from my videos it was
crazy and monopoly guy your name like
I'm anatomy Jeffrey no no hi Stephanie
and if you're watching this I saw you
and yeah that was really really cool man
i was like oh my gosh i know maybe you
had some cool people you met yeah I met
purse buzz and I saw I saw encore makeup
I saw julieg didn't actually get to say
hi to them I wish I did I'm if I see
them when we go back hopefully I got
some footage with them but I do see
pursebuzz she gave me a free goodie bags
i was talking to her and I told her that
she's going to made me by the naked
pigments tax and you'll see that in my
haul video
yeah we had a fun day what's up out of a
lot alright so I'll see you guys when
we're in cheesecake factory bye guys to
wherein cheesecake back to you right now
you guys seem anat is here too hi okay
so we just finished eating and we're so
so so we're gonna grab frozen yogurt and
my cupcake and I don't know what I'm
going to be able to handle our yogurt
cuz I'm so full but do you guys see my
eyes well it's like hard candy glitter
do they see how crazy that is like it
isn't end they did like they did make up
for everybody and now we're going to go
shopping we're going to go to H&M and
get some cupcakes yes some Froyo and go
back to I man whose person shows maybe
some more makeup hey guys okay so we're
going down this alley thing here in
Pasadena it's crazy it's like right
before you hit union street as you guys
can see and it is so cool somebody's
like painted the entire alley like this
whole wall it's so cool look how crazy
this is like this is just awesome this
is like an alley you guys can see
there's like dumpsters and stuff but I
mean the painting is so cool like
walking in the middle of nowhere really
does pay off Mahna oh this is where you
took your picture this is so cool I'm
like in love with this it's so pretty
okay guys
pretty much all soon
let's just hope nothing else catches my
eye hey guys ok so we are officially out
of I mats were walking out walking back
to the car there was so much fun we went
first and then we went to cheesecake
factory and then we went back to I'm at
and I saw X parking I saw a pastry lewd
I saw julieg I saw Corran I saw purse
was I saw a lot of great people i was
looking for some other people but that I
couldn't find but you know you can only
find so many people in that humongous
crowd so it was so much fun i hope you
guys enjoyed seeing everything and i
hope you guys liked everything do you
have anything to add manat um no hilaria
is not like manamana airbrush makeup
he's all good i love it it looks so
pretty on her anyway so that's it i hope
you guys enjoyed the video and i will
talk to you guys later bye the first 00
5 seconds go go go go running across the
street at the moment i need to twitpic
this so we're here ok Oh
oh it's not even focus okay I'm gonna
stop recording